# My thoughts on the 13HUD "code stealing" fiasco.

When I first saw 13HUD being made by @Muirey03 I thought it was pretty
neat. I started working on \#Rishima on June 3, 2019 Sometime in the
early morning (1:11 am) I wanted to be the first to release a iOS 13
Volume HUD tweak for iOS 11-12 so I began working on it basing it around
the leaked screenshot of it at the time. People loved Rishima and even
though it wasn't until a few days later until I saw 13HUD being made by
@Muirey03 is when I decided to rush mine to the public (hence the BETA)
normally I don't do this but I wanted to be the first and since I
started working on mine BEFORE 13HUD was released to the public and saw
his source code AFTER the fact mine was already released I thought it
was stolen myself TBH lol. But further inspection I saw he was using a
differnet way of creating his hud. I also was scared of how the public
would've saw \#Rishima if 13HUD was released before mine. Would people
consider it a copy? Would they think code was stolen IDK? The fact that
another one was being worked on after I had worked several days on mine
devastated me. Anyways, then I saw another "developer's" tweak called
"VolHUD" that was also being worked on because someone tagged me in it
saying it was a copy of \#Rishima but come to find out after I leave
Twitter for like two or so weeks it was "stolen" from 13HUD. Now, I
don't agree that someone copied the code word for word and then claimed
to code it but, if anyone wants to be technincal I created \#Rishima
first BEFORE any of these tweaks were announced. And if you want to be
even more technical we all are just calling on "Apple's on methods".
Look I have no beef with either dev. But, this is the reason why I left
Twitter, people are just too toxic on the platform anymore. I also have
decided to remove all volume hud code that I wrote for Rishima and make
Rishima just the Ringer HUD UI tweak as It will now work with 13HUD, I
think @Muirey03 and I are gonna merge our tweaks, I haven't decided yet
or not. If that does happen the aformentioned statement about \#Rishima
will become true. 
# Anyways have a great day, J.K. Hayslip (iKilledAppl3) out
